Here I am Jenny nice giveaway huh he
loved coming just doing a nice giveaway
contest and I am entering it listen I
know a lot of you recognize this chick I
get a shout out to her man that all day
long ago she's all kinds of cool I mean
she really is she is all kinds of cool
subscribed her she's awesome anyway
listen she's giving away a ck RT ripple
or crk to come be a river knife into a
ripple awesome little knife really great
prize especially for a first giveaway
okay to real quick questions one she
wouldn't know what my favorite EDC is
and she wanted to know what my dream
knife is well let me do the favorite EDC
of which change I'm like anybody my
favorite EDC changes all the time but
for now it is the mini trapper into
unbelievable blue right it's the knife
that I had given away it came back to me
long story awesome um I love that knife
is in my pocket right now in fact it I
took it with me to the national matches
today out of camp peary arm yeah lots of
those videos by the way over on my
channel so go check them out over my
other job my colonel channel okay um so
now dream knife um you know what
honestly and it's only a couple hundred
dollars but it is it's a knife that I've
I have wanted for a long time and
hopefully things changed in my life will
be getting the knife by the way is
there's a really great review on this
knife by we all juggle knives if you're
not sub damn you should be it is the
case canoe with Damascus steel and a
mammoth ivory which I love that I love
first of all the Damascus steel on at
canoe is beautiful in the damask
Damascus excuse me into Damascus the
Damascus steel I'm get tongue-tied for
some strange reason must because i'm
looking at kala the steel is phenomenal
it looks beautiful it's like I think if
they call it a teardrop Damascus but the
mammoth ivory really sets it off it's
really phenomenal they only made like
200 of them but they're not that
expensive you can get them for a couple
I think 23
dollars now having said that hurt it
expensive right now it seems like a
might as well be two million dollars but
um yeah anyway listen um yeah it's all I
got noce isn't dragging this out go
check out Kayla's kind of test get into
her contest check her out personally
subscribe to her she's really cool she
loves knives and you can tell she's
genuine she genuinely loves knives and
guns um yeah so she's the real deal
that's all i got for y'all see you